165 spaces have been written in these spaces
years of a part of history
academic in Chile- a history in the
that currently more than 21 thousand
610 academic students of the day
full and 1500 teachers per hour
are part of the university of
santiago de chile
here we find freddy zavala
professor of finance in the faculty of
administration and economy but
It is important that the
productive system of the country although
his accent seems like a Chilean more is about
of an Ecuadorian who arrived 15 years ago
to specialize and stayed did not send
and take it out and then have a shake
finances and I have stayed here in the
faculty doing class I was given the
opportunity and thank God I have gone
well I have grown personally
professional and thank you for that Chile '
good maximum appreciation to that the mind
jorge arévalo his guayaquileño who lives
20 years ago in durán that for years
and half came to this campus to get a
master's degree in administration in
Chinese university is much better
ranked that the Ecuadorians
then that was an important issue
You can come here for a brief tour
by his faculty allowed to know something
more of his life in Chile where he has
bought at home
I have no problem all my companions
they're good
so freddy as best they were
pending on the arrival of the president
Raphael Leash to receive his PhD
'honoris causa'
accompany him in the ceremony that
He performed in the auditorium
the great honor and cause raise the universe
santiago I joined the version to which I
work is a recognition of the work
carried out by him in the country is what he deserves
has made a big change really is a
person who has changed the vision of
education in ecuador and that from here
you will see maybe about 10-15 years that change the
academic history in chile is written
now also with the contributions of
those Ecuadorians who work and
they study in these spaces of the
University of Santiago de Chile one of
the most important in Latin America